The life and death of your father's company is now in your hands.
And Mr. Zhou is not bad either.
You are not wronged either. Dear.
Nothing but sincerity. And I haven’t opened the company for two months.
Even if it’s for our father’s sake.
Ah, you are not allowed to accompany Mr. Zhou.
Just three days. It’s dad begging you.
Say it. How did you manage to become the richest man like this?
My darlings. Because dad is doing it for himself?
It's for our father's sake. Dad can't afford the money to buy a new one.
Our father's matter is not a trivial one.
You can see, you can see those buyers.
Do you want me to compete?
You don’t want to see so many people suffering, right?
Dad, this argument is worth betraying your relatives.
How much collar is there on the back?
But otherwise you and your orphan husband
You can't fall when you're in trouble.
What nonsense are you talking about?
Can you come up with eight proposals for us?
past three-body
You push away the poisonous one
Give it to Ye Shi Engineering Department
Presentable
Now is not the time to joke
Check out Ye Shi’s recent projects